Added Python Solution for Sleepy Cow Herding (#1797)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/usaco-915.mdx

id: usaco-915
source: USACO Bronze 2019 February
title: Sleepy Cow Herding
author: Sathvik Chundru, Ryan Chou
---

[Official Analysis (C++)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_herding_bronze_feb19.html)

<LanguageSection>
 
<PySection>

```py
import sys

sys.stdin = open('herding.in', 'r')
sys.stdout = open('herding.out', 'w')
a, b, c = map(int, input().split())

# Best scenario: the three elements are already in order.
if c == a + 2:
	print(0)
"""

> If there is a difference by 2,
> it can be solved in one move.
> 3 5 9 -> 5 7 9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a difference by 2, it can be solved in one move. 
3 5 9 -> 5 7 9
```

"""
elif b == a + 2 or c == b + 2:
	print(1)
"""

> It can always be solved in two moves since you can move 
> a -> c - 2 and b -> c - 1 If there is less than one 
> integer between the two elements, it'll be taken care of 
> in the if statement above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can always be solved in two moves by moving a -> c - 2 and b -> c - 1.
If there is less than one integer between the two elements, it'll be taken care
of in the if statement above.
```

<LanguageSection>
 

> <PySection>

Reviewer: add your name to the list of authors

```py
import sys

sys.stdin = open('herding.in', 'r')
sys.stdout = open('herding.out', 'w')
a, b, c = map(int, input().split())

# Best scenario: the three elements are already in order.
if c == a + 2:
	print(0)
"""

> If there is a difference by 2,

Reviewer: these comments are so long, maybe they would be better as a written explanation instead of in the code? what do other people think?

Reviewer 2: it's described in the editorial, think these comments just link editorial portions to code segments

Reviewer: These comments are so long... is there any way to shorten? I'll take a look later

<LanguageSection>
 
<PySection>

```py

> import sys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import sys
```

sys.stdin = open('herding.in', 'r')
sys.stdout = open('herding.out', 'w')
cows = list(map(int, input().split()))
cows.sort()
a = cows[0]
b = cows[1]

> c = cows[2]

Reviewer 2: there's only 3 cows for this problem right
if so, you can replace lines 18 through 22 with just
```py
a, b, c = map(int, input().split())
```

Author: oops. i tried doing that earlier, but i accidently put a list in front of it and it gave me an error. thanks! :)

# Best scenario: the three elements are already

> # in order.

Reviewer 2: make this comment on one line

Author: sure

if c == a + 2:
	print(0)
# If there is a difference by 2,
# it can be solved in one move.

> # 3 5 9 -> 5 7 9

Reviewer 2: ok uh make this comment on maybe 2 lines? and multiline comments on python
```py
"""
are usually something like this
idk it's just usually how i do them
"""
```

Author: cool, ill start using them 👍

elif b == a + 2 or c == b + 2:
	print(1)
# It can always be solved in two moves since
# you can always move a -> c - 2 and b -> c - 1
# If there is less than one space between the two 

> # elements, it'll be taken care of in the if 

Reviewer 2: 1. make lines longer
2. again maybe use those triple quotes

# statement above.
else:
	print(2)

# The worst case is incrementing by 1 in the largest gap.
# 3 5 9 -> 5 6 9 -> 6 7 9 -> 7 8 9
# Since there are 3 arrows, the worst case is 3 moves.

> print(max(b-a, c - b) - 1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
print(max(b - a, c - b) - 1)
```

> 	

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```
	

> 

Reviewer 2: 47 and 48 are unnecessary iirc

Author: ok

sys.stdout = open('herding.out', 'w')
a, b, c = map(int, input().split())

# Best scenario: the three elements are already in order.
if c == a + 2:
	print(0)
"""
If there is a difference by 2,
it can be solved in one move.
3 5 9 -> 5 7 9
"""
elif b == a + 2 or c == b + 2:
	print(1)
"""
It can always be solved in two moves since you can always 
move a -> c - 2 and b -> c - 1 If there is less than one 
space between the two elements, it'll be taken care of 
in the if statement above.
"""
else:
	print(2)
"""
The worst case is incrementing by 1 in the largest gap.
3 5 9 -> 5 6 9 -> 6 7 9 -> 7 8 9

> Since there are 3 arrows, the worst case is 3 moves.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
this seems unnecessary
